So are you going to talk
to any Career Day people?
Uh, I don’t think so.
Look, I know you’ve got a part-time job
lined up, and you’re going to pioneer.
Yeah, so?
So the video-production people are here.
I’m sure they have part-time.
Yeah, I still don’t know.
Look, Dennis, you’re good at it.
Besides, they do corporate videos
—nothing bad.
Come on, just talk to them.
All right, I’ll check it out.
I hear you.
Eventually you want
to work part-time to pursue other passions.
Well, I’d like to start  part-time.
It’s doable,
but after you’re established.
After a few years
of hard work and dedication,
you’ll be able to pick your own jobs,
and you’ll even get to set your own schedule.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Hey, thanks so much for your time.
One second, before you leave,
just so you know,
here’s what you can make in your first year.
My advice?
Try not to get
too caught up in the sacrifice.
Think about the payback.
Thanks.
Money.
No—wealth.
Proverbs 23:4, 5:
“Do not wear yourself out to gain wealth.
“Stop and show understanding.
“When you cast your eyes on it,
it is not there,
“for it will surely sprout wings
like an eagle and fly off into the sky.”
Hey, are you ready to go?
Yeah, ready.
So did you talk to anybody?
Yeah.
Did you learn anything good?
I did.
Well, tell me.
“Do not set your mind on lofty things,
but be led along with the lowly things.”
—Romans 12:16.
All right, I have to go.
OK, bye.
Love you.
Oh, Lena, do you still have your study
before the Chinese meeting?
Ah, yeah.
Vicky is picking me up after work.
OK, have fun.
Bye, Honey, enjoy your study.
Thanks.
Love you, bye.
Good morning, Lena.
Oh, good morning.
So sales team dropped
the ball and didn’t tell us
that the clients this morning speak Chinese.
You can do this, right?
Uh, yeah, sure.
Perfect, thanks.
See you soon.
Nice job, Lena.
Well done.
OK, so now let’s . . .
You wanted to see me?
Lena, come on in.
Thanks.
Great job this morning.
Thank you.
Yeah, really well done.
And what we saw in there confirms something
that we’ve been thinking about for a while.
About what?
A TV network wants to do
a new reality series.
That’s right.
In each episode
we do a project for a customer.
They want a cast from among
our designers and builders,
and they need a young person to host.
Hello.
Lena, you’re our top pick.
Listen, this can change your life.
We want you to think it over,
but we need to know soon.
Sorry, Lena.
Vanessa, where are we at with Main Street?
Generation of Design
—premiering tonight at 8:30 central.
Generation of Design—all new season.
Tonight at 8:30 central.
Sorry it didn’t work out, Lena.
We had to go with a new host this year.
“Do not set your mind on lofty things,
but be led along with the lowly things.”
I could sacrifice all these spiritual things,
and I still might not make it
in the business world.
But even if it did work out,
I’d be worse off.
Either way, I don’t want
to give up spiritual things.
OK, where were we?
Lena, this sounds big, right?
It does.
And I know this seems quick,
but my mind is already set
on some big things.
So thank you so much,
but I just can’t do both.
Hey.
Are you ready to go?
Uh, yeah, but where’s your car?
Are you serious?
Your car is busted again?
You need a new car, Man.
Can your parents drive us?
Or . . .
Oh, they’re at a study right now.
We can walk.
They’ll meet us there.
The bakery is just down the street.
We’ll pick something up for the Rudenkos.
All right.
Hey, do you want some coffee?
Uh, yeah, sure.
OK.
Thanks.
Hey, could I have two coffees
and a box of tarts?
Thanks so much.
You’re welcome.
Your coffees will be ready in a moment.
I’m just waiting on our drinks.
Hey, what are you so into?
Bro!
They just released the entire season two.
Let’s binge-watch this weekend.
Yeah, I don’t watch that show anymore.
It started getting weird.
All the heroes live together in that house
and date each other.
Right, but it’s about the action scenes.
It’s not like it shows them having sex.
Your order’s up!
Your coffees are ready.
I’ll get it.
Here you go.
Thanks, Man.
Hey, Jake, about the show,
here’s a scripture
that helped me out—Romans 12:2.
Right.
That one says: “Stop being molded
by this system of things.”
But you know I wouldn’t do those things.
Yeah, but it also says:
“Be transformed by making your mind over.”
I honestly felt that that show
was making my mind over
in the wrong direction.
OK, but you’d still do what’s right.
Sure, but let’s say, for example,
you’re interested in someone,
let’s say, Vicky.
Maybe.
Well, imagine the two of you start dating.
You’d find good ways
to get to know each other
and see each other in different situations.
But if your mind
isn’t fully made over to Jehovah’s way,
how far might you go?
OK, I see your point.
But I’m still not convinced it’d trip me up.
Yeah, but it’s worth thinking about.
I saw you looking at Dennis.
Please—you and Jake were inseparable.
He is cute and doing pretty good spiritually.
Pretty good or really good?
Let’s just say good.
Besides, it’s not like we’re dating;
it’s just observing.
That’s good to hear, girls.
You’re both still young.
But you can’t help but notice.
The spirituality or the looks?
Hey, Mom, what was the first thing
that you noticed about Dad?
Oh, well . . .
Oh, I wasn’t the first one she noticed.
What?
Oh, you have to tell us.
OK.
His name was Tony,
and it was definitely looks first.
Whoa!
Cool off.
But then her parents said,
“You need to look deeper.”
Yeah,
they definitely gave me a lot to think about.
The verse at Proverbs 31:30
had a big impact on me.
It says: “Charm may be false,
and beauty may be fleeting,
but the woman who fears
Jehovah will be praised.”
When I thought about that verse,
I realized it applied to me,
but it also applied to Tony.
Neither of us was looking
for the person who feared Jehovah.
I tried to think what my life
would be like married to somebody
who didn’t put spiritual things first.
And I really didn’t like what I saw.
So I decided that it was best
to end things with Tony,
and I started pioneering.
And a year later at pioneer school,
I noticed someone else.
You were hard to miss too.
Thanks.
Still, it took time.
It did.
It really took until
we could see ourselves putting Jehovah first
—but together.